At times, world events may highlight the importance of being punctual.
In May of last year, a wildfire overtook the Canadian city of Fort McMurray in the province of Alberta.
The brothers and sisters there benefited from promptly following the direction they had received from their local congregations.
There was a local needs part, and we'd try to do it every year.
And this year it was in the perfect time because the next week we had the fire.
And when the brother was reviewing, he was saying it was a high fire hazard year.
So be prepared and it was nice, the brothers were so obedient and took that to heart and we're ready.
It happened so quickly from being fine and safe to, we got to get out of here.
We started to hear the municipality saying there are mandatory evacuations for different neighborhoods.
So within noon, two o'clock, four o'clock, 90,000 people are in motion.
When you were standing outside, you could hear the helicopters going, the sirens going, the smoke was so thick and intense.
Both the lifts and the right were all in flames. It was totally in flames.
It was chaotic.
People running to their cars, seeing and looking at the big cloud of smoke approaching them and just the fright in their eyes.
He just came to mind during the local needs, the brother said, if a case of emergency you have to fall a direction.
Listen to the local authorities and listen to your local elders.
Each elder for the field service groups had a care for a small amount of people.
I was calling all the brothers and sisters that I can find out where they were, if they were safe.
Every group where we see her knew exactly where everybody in this group was at all times.
One brother came to help my wife and the kids to evacuate while I was at work.
So I felt very indebted to this brother that he acted on my behalf to get my family to a safe place.
To see the brothers okay and calm, it makes me calm.
It's all gone and it went away overnight.
If we are to put our trust in such things, where is it now?
Although we've lost all this, our relationship with Jehovah, we haven't lost that.
You can't salvage nothing. Everything is gone.
Gone, everything is gone.
Yeah, this is our basement.
People always asking us like, did you lose your home and we're like, yeah, we did.
Seeing how quickly things can go, things can disappear.
It helps to appreciate the things that are most important.
Not only did we have our own lives, but we still have our budget sisters there with us.
When we escaped and moved to Edmonton, which is about four and a half hours right from here,
the friends opened their homes to us and in the middle of the night, 2.30 a.m. and welcomed us.
They gave us food, they gave us clothing, they gave us a place to stay.
That kind of hospitality really touched our heart.
We realized that we hadn't missed anything.
Some of the friends we have been seeing them since the disaster, I'm okay.
And to meet the friends again, you know, about a month and a half after the disaster,
at the convention was really, really encouraging.
We see brothers that are working in different departments here at the convention
and also with the disaster relief committee who have no home to go back to.
Yet they're so concerned about someone else that they don't even think about what they've really lost.
Although we've lost everything materially, we have everything spiritually.
What is gone is gone.
What is important is our lives and our relationship with Jehovah.
The local needs part proved very helpful for our brothers and sisters in Fort McMurray.
The part included direction about having a go bag and keeping the gas tanks of their vehicles full.
Because of the distance to the nearest town and the heavy traffic during the evacuation,
having a full tank of gas proved to be very timely advice.
Instead of procrastinating, our brothers and sisters in Alberta followed the direction to their benefit.